en: add three items in faq.md (#508)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/faq.md

- [Import a DM 1.0 cluster into a new DM 2.0 cluster using TiUP](maintain-dm-using-tiup.md#import-and-upgrade-a-dm-10-cluster-deployed-using-dm-ansible).
- [Manually import DM migration tasks of a DM 1.0 cluster to a DM 2.0 cluster](manually-upgrade-dm-1.0-to-2.0.md)。

## Why does TiUP fail to deploy some certain versions of DM (for example, v2.0.0-hotfix)？

You can use the `tiup list dm-master` command to view the DM versions that TiUP supports to deploy. TiUP cannot manage versions which are not shown by this command.

> ## How to handle the error `parse mydumper metadata error: EOF` that occurs when DM is synchronizing data？

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to handle the error `parse mydumper metadata error: EOF` that occurs when DM is replicating data？
```
Most of the time, In DM contexts, "replicate" = "同步"

> You need to check the error message and log files to further analyze this error. The cause can be that the dump unit does not produce the correct metadata file due to lack of permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to check the error message and log files to further analyze this error. The cause might be that the dump unit does not produce the correct metadata file due to a lack of permissions.
```

> ## Why does DM report no fatal error when synchronizing sharded schemas and tables, but downstream data is lost?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why does DM report no fatal error when replicating sharded schemas and tables, but downstream data is lost?
```

> You need to check the configuration items `block-allow-list` and `table-route`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the configuration items `block-allow-list` and `table-route`:
```

> - You need to fill `block-allow-list` with the names of upstream database tables. You can add "~" before `do-tables` to use regular expressions to match table names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `block-allow-list` corresponds to the names of upstream databases and tables. You can add "~" before `do-tables` to use regular expressions to match names.
```

> - `table-route` uses wild characters instead of regular expressions to match table names. For example, `table_parttern_[0-63]` only matches 7 tables, from `table_parttern_0` to `table_pattern_6`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `table-route` uses wildcard characters instead of regular expressions to match table names. For example, `table_parttern_[0-63]` only matches 7 tables, from `table_parttern_0` to `table_pattern_6`.
```

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_character

> ## Why does the monitor metric `replicate lag` have no data when DM is not replicating from upstream?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why does the `replicate lag` monitor metric show no data when DM is not replicating from upstream?
```

> In DM 1.0, you need to enable `enable-heartbeat` to generate the monitor data. In DM 2.0, it is expected to have no data in the monitor metric `replicate lag` because this feature is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In DM 1.0, you need to enable `enable-heartbeat` to generate the monitor data. In DM 2.0, it is expected to have no data in the `replicate lag` monitor metric because this feature is not enabled.
```
"not enabled" or "not supported"? @lance6716

Reviewer 2: not supported 👍
